1. To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.: 
 Charlie Munger, my long-time partner, and I have 

To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.: 
 Charlie Munger, my long-time partner, and I have 
requested that the directors of General Re and GE , the two largest private equity finance businesses in the country, be appointed to serve as its 
supervisory Chairman.  A number of issues that need to be addressed include the availability of capital, the need for a diverse group of shareholders to 
appropriate funds, and the need for an orderly and effective management succession process.  We are also 
filing a letter of intent with the SEC that will prompt them to propose new directors.  As we have previously stated, we want to incorporate both of the 
following ideas in new directorships.  In addition, we need a significant amount of shareholder interest in General Re, which we believe will 
be all but impossible in the near term.  To that end, General Re has been informed of our request for a successor.  We have not 
identified any specific date for the appointment of a successor. We are also seeking the participation of our Board members to provide certain governance 
tools.  If we do not receive the recommendations of the Board of Directors, we will not consider the appointment of a successor.  At Berkshire, we will not take any action 
which could potentially hurt or hurt General Re’s shareholders.  As we have stated before, we believe this process would only significantly enhance the intrinsic value  of Berkshire as a retailer, 
but would have a negative impact on shareholders.  A summary of Berkshire’s most recent results under our current management 
and annual report, as of September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2013 follows (in millions). 
 
 
 
 Third Quarter First Nine Months
   2014  2013
  2014  2013
  Cumulative Consolidated   
Earnings  
 
Earnings before taxes  
Net earnings  
Investments  
Gains and expenses  
Revenues  
Gains and losses  
Earnin gs  
Net earnings (loss)  
   Net earnings  $1,221  $1,137
Underwriting expenses   
Net earnings  
Operating expenses   
Operating expenses   
Other  
Premiums earned   $ 1,141  $1,170
Interest expense               
---------------

To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.: 
 Charlie Munger, my long-time partner, and I have 
led or are currently managing a team that will manage and implement Berkshire Hathaway shares. As a result of our 
commitment to manage and implement Berkshire Hathaway shares, we have acquired the extraordinary shares of common stock that we 
currently own.
 
 Berkshire currently owns approximately 88.5% of Berkshire common stock. Our Board of Directors 
has designated certain of our Board members, with the remaining remaining three to be chosen at the end of each 
year. The total number of members of the Board of Directors can be at an indefinite length determined by the Board, and our Board 
may exercise any number of executive, legislative, or other powers that are of such duration, and we may elect to elect the first 
member of this Board, so long as he or she remains active in the Board. The Board is also given the option to elect a number of additional members to the Board by 
option or by vote of the Board and may elect members by the vote of the Board. 
In addition to electing additional members, the Board may vote  to approve or reject certain transactions, initiatives, 
actions, or initiatives in the future. 
 
In September 2015, Berkshire issued  a 20% stake in  Advanced Automotive’s  AltaLink Corporation (“ASAC”).  We 
believe that ASAC will have good economic and competitive value over most of its remaining 
shareholders. As of December 31, 2019, we owned approximately 10.6% of ASAC.  As of the end of 
2019, ASAC shares were outstanding at least 95% of Berkshire Hathaway common stock and we currently own approximately 
19.7% of ASAC. 
 
Our business activities include funding and training of the National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), training of railroad regulators worldwide, 
facilitating the creation and operation of liability insurance markets, investing in and carrying out litigation, and  
transfers financial and legal services to BHE and other insurers. Berkshire is a large shareholder in the insurance and reinsurance businesses of the 
NICO industry. 
In January 2020,  we acquired a 26%  holding in  Acme, Inc. (“Acme”).  For the 
first time, we owned a 20%  interest in the insurance subsidiary Pam
---------------

To the Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.: 
 Charlie Munger, my long-time partner, and I have 
experienced and will have to repeat the process of managing Berkshire, but we will continue to
share all information and share our opinion on whether we think the company is in a good position to compete effectively with
other companies. 
In our view, the timing and magnitude of business acquisitions give us great insight into the kinds of business that will be
built on the basis of the shares outstanding in Berkshire’s common stock. 
As long as Berkshire continues to receive dividends, net of interest and dividend income, the company will not be
under-performing very well. 
Significantly, we believe that Berkshire’s CEOs, managers and other senior managers will have a great effect on Berkshire’s long-term
economic and financial results. 
Investors should take note of the fact that our dividend yield curve, which, with regards to the
fair value of our investments, has steadily declined over the past year. 
Some of our most significant investments in our businesses have been highly leveraged. While these are
not likely to cause me major distress or distress, they certainly don’t help us in the long run. 
In addition, in establishing Berkshire and its subsidiaries as a government, the government will have the ability to allocate most of the
money that it receives to the interests of shareholders. Many of these transfers will therefore generate a net
gain to Berkshire shareholders that is subject to the federal income tax. 
Through Berkshire’s shareholders, we guarantee the continued payment of dividends to government funds. 
Our businesses are managed by approximately 19,200 persons and we currently employ about 50,000 people. 
We receive the highest number of government contributions to government programs, as well as other public and private initiatives. 
In addition, some of our businesses employ a variety of workers, contractors and other specialists who work
over a wide variety of hours, including an unusually diverse group of factory workers, for several of our subsidiaries. 
Berkshire ’s Board of Directors has not approved any proposal to reclassify our businesses as a
public company or to reinstate the merger that would have eliminated all of the benefits that we now enjoy. 
Were we to
decide to merge, we would effectively eliminate all of the benefits of the merger. The only logical course would be to sell our businesses to a
non-profit organization, which would likely be a very meaningful
---------------


2.  Over the years, I have made many mistakes. Consequently, 

Over the years, I have made many mistakes. Consequently, 
customers have been under-represented in our shopping experience. And, my responsibility as CEO is to provide them with the best
selection and the most affordable and candid prices. 
In my senior year, the chain’s design took center stage. In a matter of months, we
broke the record in the U.S., and the record in Australia. We are now a
world-class retailer that has made several acquisitions and will never be eclipsed by our competitors. 
In 2004, we acquired a 38-acre site in Massachusetts that is now the largest in North America. 
Our future is bright, as our world-class store will be forever enriched by the people who love it. 
Our shopping centers will be long-term investments in building on our success.  The
business of a decade ago will be meaningless now. 
With such a big bus in the family, it will be helpful to explain the hierarchy of our ownership group. First, 
you have my CEO, Marc D. Moore. Marc oversees a significant group of significant businesses, including a
huge number of businesses that have been selling goods and services to customers for decades and which have
been sold for years now to major retailers like 
Hands On, General R, General R “Inglis” and Star Furniture. Marc has been involved in a number of other important business
activities, including the design of the U.S. Marine
Corporation, a federal agency that provides training to military personnel in the U.S., the construction of the world’s
largest aeroplanes and other aircraft, and the management of the largest railroad. 
Marc also manages our nine other large, worldwide operations, including the world’s largest aviation distributist and the world’s largest shopping center. 
Berkshire’s future is bright, as it will be at the shopping center, as well as the four-man company-owned
shopping center that will be the headquarters of all of our businesses. We will also be enjoying the high
margin margins that are inherent in owning businesses, and will continue to do exactly that with its
share of revenues.  The managers of our business unit will be delighted to receive large amounts of pre-tax cash,
and will continue to have a difficult time accepting the large amounts of cash that they will receive.
Ber
---------------

Over the years, I have made many mistakes. Consequently,  I believe that, despite all my efforts,   we can not   safely assume the   catastrophe that might   befallen which occurred when my family first entered the 
mining operation in 1778.  In addition,  I have never obtained judgment as to  the level of damage or losses 
acquired or incurred by the company or its subsidiaries.  When I am performing  my role, I strive to maximize the 
value of the company’s debt, which represents its assets and liabilities.  We at MineSafe believe that we are also fortunate to be able to invest directly in 
mining businesses.  MineSafe’s track record in its commitment to maximize shareholder value is a record that has 
only continued.
3.  Mine Safety Policies 
Mine safety policies are written by management informally and with great discretion.  We are 
required to adopt policies that are highly effective in protecting our customers and our staff and 
our employees.  These policies are written in consultation with our elected officials and with the opinions  of our 
policyholders.  However, they have limitations.  Mine safety policies do not 
require us to impose penalties on MineSafe or its subsidiaries.  Mine safety policies do not address 
the disclosure of risks from fire or hazardous material disposal practices that may be inherent to ongoing operations.  Mine safety policies do not specify the 
policy's terms or specify the type of liability that must be surrendered to the mine 
insurance company or its subsidiaries.  Several of the mine safety policies require that we 
disclose the nature of the risks and uncertainties that could cause mine safety risks to be inadequately disclosed and that 
we believe that our policies will have minimal effect on the business operating performance of  the company and its 
subsidiaries.  Several of the mine safety policies provide that a mine safety statement must be included in the 
statement of assets or liabilities of the mine or its subsidiaries.  Mine safety policies do not specify financial or financial 
terms of compensation to be determined, which could have a material effect on results of operations or on the disposition of assets 
of the company, including the amount of significant losses or loss adjustment expenses incurred. 
 Mine safety policy provisions require companies to maintain adequate records of their overall financial condition and 
conduct themselves in an orderly manner.  Mine safety policies do not require
---------------

Over the years, I have made many mistakes. Consequently, 
many of my mistakes have hurt my reputation and hurt my credit, employment and state- 
legal standing.  Some of these mistakes will not be repeated.  But they are 
certain to be repeated.  A key lesson in this process of re-evaluation is that a single mistake has critical consequences, 
and that time cannot be wasted on misstatements regarding credit, credit quality or litigation. 
  
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY PRODUCTS INC. 
Our business consists of 3,789 stores located in more than 40 states, including 50 manufacturing operations.  We 
have approximately 8,700 retail stores in 36 states, including 28 wholesale stores, serving more than 1 billion 
customers.  Pre-tax earnings of the stores is approximately $2.5 billion. 
  
 
38 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
  
Note 9.  Value and Assets Inventories  
We have approximately $1.4 billion of investment grade equities.  A significant portion 
of our investments are in fixed maturity securities and net interest, which represent the timing and amount of 
interest.  We also have fixed maturity securities at intrinsic value of $1.0 billion and net interest of $195 million.  Many 
of our investments were managed at Berkshire’s Level I supervision. To the extent our investitures exceed Level I supervision, 
changes in these intrinsic values will adversely affect our consolidated finance and financial statement 
performance.   
Our investments in fixed maturity securities are convertible, if any, into $50 bpar of preferred stock at redemption.  This 
substantially eliminates the need to redeem the preferred stock at counterparties, which generate an estimated redemption price.  In addition, 
we convert a fractional share of our fixed maturity securities into 30.5% preferred stock at redemption at a discount of 3% to the redemption price.  Our 
intrinsic value is approximately $60 billion at December 31, 2020, $70 billion at March 31, 2019, partially 
offset by approximately $180 million at January 31, 2020. 
We currently sell our  fixed maturity securities to diversify our investments in equity securities. The use of our 
largest index put option, Volcker Rule, and the use of a preferred stock portfolio to purchase
---------------


3.  Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire,” “Company” or “Registrant”) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in numerous diverse business activities. The most important of these are 


Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire,” “Company” or “Registrant”) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in numerous diverse business activities. The most important of these are 
customer service, services and equity securities, which are marketed and marketed by BNSF and Berkshire’s other subsidiaries. 
Berkshire’s investment grade insurance policies and finance securitizations include fixed maturity lines, issued by Berkshire and a diverse portfolio of fixed maturity 
securities, most of which are issued by Fechheimer Brothers Insurance Company and Warren Buffett. BNSF and Berkshire have extensive subsidiaries in two 
of the world’s major insurance sub-confections. 
Berkshire’s cash flow from insurance businesses in the first nine months of 2016 was $1,459 million, an increase of $9 
million (7.3%) compared to 2015. Operating cash flows in the first nine months of 2016 increased $2,238 million (6.4%) 
over 2015 by approximately $750 million (8.6%) compared to 2015. The increase in cash flow was primarily attributable to the acquisition of certain 
contracts and related prepayment costs associated with business acquisitions, which produced a  significant decrease in 
the aggregate cash flow. 
In 2016, Berkshire’s equity index put option contracts were  repaid in full and the cost of redemption 
was approximately $9 billion at December 31, 2016, an increase of approximately $6  million (7.5%) over 2015. 
These contracts were redeemed in the first nine months of 2016 and expire at the end of 2019. 
Fixed maturity securities are insured by Berkshire at rates ranging from 1 to 1.8% intrinsic value and are 
generally rated A through B. A lower rating means the issuer is required to repurchase its securities at a cost 
higher than the intrinsic value. 
Berkshire’s finance and financial products businesses include North Star Insurance Company (“Berkshire”), i nclined, General Re Insurance Company (“General Re”), 
Western Life Insurance Company (“Western Life”), General Re Primary Group (“General Re”) and Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Company (“BHHC”). 
For additional information concerning Berkshire’s corporate operations, including loans and finance receivables, visit 
“Company Headquarters’s website 
or visit  Berkshire’s Investor Relations page 
or the Berkshire’s
---------------

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire,” “Company” or “Registrant”) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in numerous diverse business activities. The most important of these are 
distribution, service, marketing and other activities conducted by Berkshirings, headquartered at
The Coca-Cola Company (““Coca-Cola”), based in Columbia, SC, with offices in Kansas City, Kansas and Washington D.C. The 
operation of Berkshire’s subsidiaries generally involves the sharing of business activities between 
individuals under a single operating agreement and other businesses operating under similar operating 
lines. See Note 7 to the Registrant’s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these subsidiaries. 
72Management’s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 
Property and casualty insurance (Continued) 
Berkshire Hathaway (“BHHA”) is a railroad and port agency with offices in Kansas City, Kansas and Washington, D.C. In addition, 
BHHA operates two other railroad/port entities:
A subsidiary of Willey and Johns Manville (“Willey”) operates in Missouri, Nebraska and Texas; and
BH 
operates North American railroad, railroad, construction, utilities and energy transmission businesses headquartered in Fort Wayne, Indiana, operating in 
Columbia, Nebraska. BHHA’s operations are managed primarily by AltaLink Rail LLC and its affiliates. 
The combined business activities of North American railroad, railroad, construction, utilities and energy transmission businesses also include 
transportation in general, utilities and energy transmission in particular, which serves several railroad and port 
operations. BHHA’s consolidated property and casualty insurance businesses include certain regulated power, coal 
(“Natural Gas”) and natural gas pipelines and natural gas pipelines with annual operating revenues ranging from 
$3.8 billion in the first quarter of 2012 and $4.6 billion in the first six months of 2013. Other business activities include 
the transportation of freight, insurance and reinsurance contracts, the transmission of goods and services to and from customers, transportation 
of freight to certain regional public utility and railroad facilities, and other business activities in which BH seeks to acquire and operate 
operate a  liability insurance business. In 2012, BH acquired the third 
largest reinsurance business in North America, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. 
BHHA’s operating businesses include, among other things, property/casualty
---------------

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire,” “Company” or “Registrant”) is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in numerous diverse business activities. The most important of these are 
Berkshire Hathaway Energy Holdings Corporation (“BHE”), a leading producer of all natural gas, natural gas turbine, compressor and compressor units and a leading distributor of industrial products to the residential, industrial and science and engineering markets. The BHE operates two 
renewal power plants that generate electricity generated from natural gas turbine, compressor and compressor units and operates a generation plant and installation station located in Central Iowa. 
Berkshire’s other business activities include 
seawater leasing businesses, a service business that operates more than 400 miles of seater owned boats, which offer rentals to operators of 
casualty boats and general aviation aircraft and a freight service business to more than 100 businesses that operate on a direct connection 
to the West Coast. 
 
16 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
Berkshire’s financial condition and results of operations and results of operations under various capital controls are presented in the 
annual Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in millions). 
     
Investors’ Equity  
   
O n First Quarter     
Investments in: 
Berkshire Hathaway Energy Holdings Corporation  Inc.     $   61    $   60   
Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group        3,966        2,964        2,964   
Berkshire Hathaway Energy Holdings Corporation      5,962          6,988         5,962   
                            
          
        
     Balance at December 31,  2021             
                              
           
---------------


4. 


Berkshire’s operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are 
several major operating operating subsidiaries that operate independently. As a result, Berkshire’s operating subsidiaries operate under almost entirely different 
business models than its large competitors.
Our insurance subsidiaries provide comprehensive coverage for property and casualty risks. The majority of our insurance subsidiaries are based in the Philippines and 
are regulated by many states. Our rail, bus, industrial, utility and energy subsidiaries are headquartered in the Philippines and 
are also regulated in the U.S. by several state and local authorities. Our utilities and energy subsidiaries are based in 
the Philippines and are also regulated in the U.S. by several states. Our railroad subsidiaries are based in the Philippines, 
most recently in the Philippines. Our utilities all operate under several different ownership structures. These structures 
were established to attract sufficient investment and capital to establish a strong business base.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Operated U.S.A. Dollars
June 30, 2020  December 31, 2020                               
Derivative contract assets............................................ $ 8 13  $ 9 13    $ 8  
Equity securities ................................................. $ 9 10   $ 8   $ 8  
Unpaid premiums and other liabilities ..............................................  $ 10   $ 8   $   $ 7 
Total liabilities ............................................ $ 8   $ 9  $   $ 8   $ 8 
Losses and loss adjustment expenses ...............................................  $ 2,908    $ 5,988    $    $      
Costs and expenses ..............................................  $    24  $               
Unpaid premiums and other liabilities ...............................................  $  12  $     $        $   $ 
Net earnings .............................................. $         $      $        
         
         
        
       
 
---------------


Berkshire’s operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are 
no centralized systems, controls or procedures that guide the operations of Berkshire’s operating businesses. 
We manage these businesses on a variety of decentralized and decentralized levels. 
A decentralized decentralized system presents risks that could be catastrophic to businesses. 
A centralized system could compromise the operating results of its operations, or cause it to downgrade to a lower level. 
A decentralized system could ultimately impose serious economic and political risks. 
Through its regulatory framework, the Dow’s underwriters are subject to the jurisdiction of a single regulator at an 
individual level. It is not our role as underwriters to determine whether or not such matters are appropriate or inappropriate to 
Berkshire.  Consistent with our disclosure standards, we have been instructed by the Board of Directors to refer any case or resolution of 
any such matters informally to the appropriate regulator. 
As a result, the Dow’s failure to submit timely or timely requests for comment and a loss of earnings for one 
year or more from any of our underwriters during that period  is not necessarily 
a cause for significant attention. 
Our underwriters focus on their primary business: 
“Investment and Equity Securities.” The Dow’s’ Investment in AltaLink was acquired in April 2003. 
The Dow’s periodic underwriting decisions are based on the principles of open letter 
writing, which is based on the principles of equity capital allocation, valuing, diversification and inclusion, and 
prospects of achieving the following criteria: 
1. Revenues are determined based on the economic ability of the investment
business to acquire the investment and results of operations can be corroborated by other operating and 
cost data from operating results. 
2. Interest income with respect to the investment and earnings of the investment are recorded in earnings and in cash flow 
regulatory reports. 
3. As of the acquisition date, the total investment and 
transaction value of AltaLink was $8.5 billion. 
Consequently, the Underwriting Staff has a significant role in monitoring such matters. 
Item 3. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
Investment Income (Continued) 
Berkshire and its subsidiaries, as well as a number of insurance subsidiaries,
---------------

Berkshire’s operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. There are 
several centralized companies that have operating businesses, companies that independently run their businesses, and various
advisors who manage its operating businesses. While these businesses are not necessarily in a centralized position, the decentralized nature of Berkshir e’s operations makes it more likely that 
the decentralized nature of Berkshir e’s operating businesses will prevail over the centralized nature of its own. Berkshire’s governance structure is 
distinct from those of its competitors. There is a lack of hierarchy between operating businesses and non-operating businesses, as very few 
companies own more than two of each of its centralized companies. Berkshir e’s operating businesses are not, therefore, subject to any one single 
policy or practice outlined in General Re’s Annual Report on Form 10-Q.  Non-operating companies have some 
control over their operating businesses and are subject to the same governance principles. The governance 
systems and practices of non-operating companies are subject to very limited judicial review.  These policies and practices have not prevented the 
K-251Management’s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) 
InformationSecurities (Continued) 
Berkshire’s Corporate Governance (Continued)
Berkshire’s Operating Companies (Continued)
Berkshire’s General Re Corporation is Delaware’s largest operating company. In 1979, General Re was 
founded by Warren E. Buffett, through whom Berkshire acquired 50% of the outstanding common stock of GEICO Corporation in the second quarter of 1979, and whose 
Berkshire’s operating businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. Under General Re’s governance 
system, Berkshire is the primary owner of a domicile (Berkshire’s domicile is Delaware, so it has an unusually decentralized 
governance) for several of its subsidiaries. The domicile consists of the following three domiciles: 
General Re
Company  (Washington, D.C.; Delaware); Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  (D.C.; Delaware); General Re HomeServices Corporation  (D.C.; Delaware); and 
Berkshire Hathaway Protective Services Company (D.C.). 
General Re  Corporate Governance 
Under General Re’s governance, Berkshire owns a domic
---------------